>> This week on Gaia.
On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith."
>> What's happening is that a
lot of people are awakening.
And as they're awakening,
energetically they're
upgrading.
>> On a new "Art of Letting
Go with Sah D'Simone."
>> It's a true honor and
a joy to be here with you.
Today's class is finding
hope in hopelessness.
>> On "Channeling, A
Bridge to the Beyond."
- Reiki is done in
surgery rooms now.
Not all of them, but
there are headways.
We're getting there.
It's going to be
beyond my lifetime,
and I'm glad to be a
part of the beginning.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> Sound healing is using either
music or our own voice or all
sorts of different, other
types of instruments to shift
and change our nervous
system, our heart rate,
our respiration, our
cellular structure,
or our etheric field.
>> On "The Awakening
Conference."
>> My personal opinion is the
Anunnaki are the Atlanteans.
And so what I'm
going to try to do
tonight is establish for you
some circumstantial evidence
that will prove that this
culture was not only here,
but they were also a not only
interplanetary civilization,
but they were also an
intergalactic civilization.
>> On "Islands of Inner Peace."
>> Let's turn towards the light.
The light is in everything.
>> On "The Other Side."
>> Healers are multidimensional
beings who dance between
the realms of the
seen and unseen.
>> Only on Gaia.